hello everyone this is
mk merry christmas
today's movie is about how santa screwed
up on his delivery on christmas present
but success in the end with the help
from kids
in lowell massachusetts christmas has
been a cherished tradition in the pierce
household for many years until
2018 when the father doug
a firefighter dies in the line of duty
the mother claire struggles to hold the
family together
especially the oldest child teddy who
has started stealing cars
the youngest child kate nevertheless
hopes to keep the christmas spirit alive
on christmas eve claire is forced to
fill in for a co-worker leaving teddy to
look after kate
while watching old christmas videos kate
notices a strange arm appear out of the
fireplace
kate believes this is santa claus and
asks teddy to help her prove he exists
teddy is skeptical and refuses to help
but kate blackmails him with a video of
him stealing a car
earlier that day the two set up a
makeshift trip wire by the fireplace
linking it to a christmas bell and set
up a camera behind a closet where they
wait
kate is woken up by the bell and sees
santa in their living room
but he leaves before teddy can see him
however
they hear him moving on the roof and go
outside
when they get on the street they see
santa sleigh and reindeer floating above
them
they also see santa hopping from rooftop
to rooftop at light speed
kate decides to hide in the sleigh to
get a close look at santa
to which teddy objects though he
reluctantly follows her
santa eventually returns to the sleigh
and rides off with the kids in tow
[Music]
when kate decides to make her presences
known santa and the reindeer are
startled and he loses control of the
sleigh
after teleporting to chicago illinois
the sleigh breaks down causing the
reindeer to scatter and the bag of
presents to be lost
when they crash santa officially
introduces himself to the kids
who are surprised at his different than
expected appearance
santa tells them that he has to get back
to delivering present as soon as
possible or else christmas spirit will
be gone
explaining that the last time it
happened the dark ages occurred
without his hat which was also lost in
the crash
santa can't move quickly or through
tight spaces like he does
so the kids are forced to help him they
stop at a bar where santa tries to seek
help
from the patrons by remembering all of
their previous christmas wishes
when they get no assistance they
eventually resolved to steal a dodge
challenger
which itself was already stolen by the
bartender
an ex-convict on the naughty list hall
of fame
in the car santa makes a makeshift radio
out of random objects to listen into the
police frequency
to locate his reindeer and look out for
patrol vehicles
they locate the reindeer but encounter a
police car driven by officers pavinda
and jameson
kate goes after the reindeer by herself
while santa and teddy lure the police
away in the car
they eventually crash and make a vain
attempt to explain that santa is the
real santa
so santa lets teddy escape when kate
comes back with the reindeer
telling them to find his bag where they
can find help
the kids manage to fly away on the
reindeer which only officer jameson
observes
leaving the other officers dumbstruck
when they land
teddy confides to kate that he wishes he
could speak to their dad one more time
they find the bag in a park and kate
goes in the bag to find help
she ends up getting teleported to the
north pole
she finds a letter written to santa by
teddy this year
where he asks santa to allow him to
speak to his dad
she then spots the elves who have her
tied up
when she explains what happened to santa
they show her a book called true
believers and sees that her entire
family is listed
except for teddy seeing that kate is a
true believer
the elves agree to help her
[Music]
teddy is attacked by a group of thugs
who take him and the bag to their
hideout
when the leader finds the bag filled
with presents with coal in them
he tries to dispose of the bag and teddy
until the elves come out and attack
everyone
they think teddy is one of the thugs and
attack him as well until kate stops them
the group then goes to repair santa
sleigh
at the police precinct santa tries to
explain his situation to officer pavinda
who is unconvinced he even magically
pulls out toys pavandha wanted as a
child to try and convince him
but pavandar remains skeptical when
santa reveals his wish this year is to
speak to his ex-wife lisa
who also shares that wish pavinda is
taken aback
but still refuses to believe him and has
him locked in the holding cell
though he becomes suspicious when he
sees a larger number of arrests than
usual on christmas eve
seeing that christmas spirit has gotten
too low santa gathers all the inmates to
perform a musical number of santa
clauses back in town
which works amongst all the officers
except pavanda
pavanda is finally convinced when he
receives a call from lisa
who invites him out for coffee in the
morning and agrees to let santa go
one of the elves arrives through the air
vent to give santa a spare hat
santa goes outside to find his sleigh
repaired
santa sees that he only has an hour
until morning to complete delivering
present
so the kids agree to help him with teddy
driving the sleigh and kate tossing
present to santa so he can move faster
than usual
with additional help from the elves
santa delivers the final present with
milliseconds to spare
santa drops the kids off back at their
home before their mother returns
santa gives teddy his hat as a memento
showing that he didn't really need it
when he leaves he gives kate a ho ho ho
a saying he previously stated was an
urban myth about him kate is ecstatic
that she recorded the night's events on
camera
but finds that santa had taken the tape
with teddy remarking that santa would
never let her have it
when claire returns they go inside to
find the living room decorated like
their father used to
they start opening present including
horrendous sweaters from their aunt
when they get to santa's gifts kate gets
a skateboard while teddy gets a letter
from santa explaining that he's unable
to grant his wish
as well as an old ornament when he hangs
it on the tree
he sees his dad appear on it and they
both say they're proud of each other
back in the north pole santa is updating
his book of true believers
adding teddy's name to it when mrs claus
returns with firewood to tell him about
hearing about his adventures
when she asks for a movie to watch santa
takes out the video recording of his
adventure that night and winks us
that's all for the movie thank you for
watching
please subscribe for more update merry
christmas